Visual Studio:
Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop console and graphical user interface applications along with Windows Forms or WPF applications, web sites, web applications, web services, and also Windows Store apps in both native code together with managed code for all platforms supported by Microsoft Windows, Windows Mobile, Windows CE, .NET Framework, .NET Compact Framework and Microsoft Silverlight.

Eclipse:
In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

NetBeans:
NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.
The NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules. Applications based on the NetBeans Platform (including the NetBeans IDE itself) can be extended by third party developers.
The NetBeans Team actively support the product and seek feature suggestions from the wider community. Every release is preceded by a time for Community testing and feedback.

Code::Blocks:
Code::Blocks is a free and open source, cross-platform IDE which supports multiple compilers including GCC and Visual C++. It is developed in C++ using wxWidgets as the GUI toolkit. Using a plugin architecture, its capabilities and features are defined by the provided plugins. Currently, Code::Blocks is oriented towards C, C++, and Fortran. It can also be used for creating ARM, AVR, D, DirectX, FLTK, GLFW, GLUT, GTK+, Irrlicht, Lightfeather, MATLAB, OGRE, OpenGL, Qt, SDL, SFML, STL, SmartWin and wx programs and applications, although in some cases installing third-party SDKs or frameworks is necessary.
Code::Blocks is being developed for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X and has been ported to FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and Solaris.

PyCharm:
PyCharm is one of the most popular Python IDEs and deservedly so. It’s packed with features such as incredible code completion, code analysis, code navigation, top-notch Django, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS support, great debugger, and much more.It is cross-platform working on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.